#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
    #   redis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   gtts
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gtts==2.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.53
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
openai==1.84.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
redis==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gtts
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
selenium==4.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3[socks]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.3
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via uvicorn
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
PyMySQL==1.1.1
